Spinach salads are an excellent choice.
Nice work my friend on eating such a healthy salad
You have this, I believe in you!
Great job on fresh veggies.
You made a good choice mixing different greens together.
Vegetables are a great meal choice.
Fantastic work on this vegan meal!
Salads are a great choice for a meal.
Great variety of vegetables!
This looks amazing!
You are doing absolutely fantastic with this!
You are doing phenomenal right now!
I appreciate how many colors you had in your meal today, great job on eating two powerfoods!
Nice choice on your low calorie dressing option!
That is an absolutely lovely meal!
This meal has greens and healthy fat
Great low fat meal!
Excellent choice on the greens and mushrooms.  Both healthy low calories options.
You are doing a fantastic job getting a lot of energy in.
Great job making your salad healthy, especially with the lentils, such a great fiber packed choice.
Looks delicious!
This meal is very healthy and low in calories!
This salad looks phenomenal!
This is an outstanding meal!
That's a healthy combo
Low Calorie Russian salad dressing is an awesome choice!
Great job on the fresh veggies.
You are doing absolutely fantastic with this!
Can't go wrong with lettuce as your salad base, good job!
Look at you go! This is a great little salad.
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
That's a quality salad!
Lettuce is always a great salad starter, nice choice.
Peas and carrots compliment each other nicely, good choice.
Your meal is very healthy.
Great job with the fresh veggies.
Nice job choosing healthy ingredients for your high protein salad
Great job of using fresh veggies.
Yum. What a fresh meal!
It looks like you are really putting a lot of effort in and doing well.
This is a very well balanced meal!
I am so proud of you for eating so healthy!
Yum, that looks delicious!
You created a healthy, low calorie, low fat salad
It's always good to get our veggies in each day!
Good job getting so many veggies into your meal!
Wonderful work on this meal!
Great job eating whole fresh vegetables!
You did a wonderful job of controlling portion sizes and combining vegetables to create this low calorie, low fat salad
You are doing amazing! You got this
This meal looks healthy and delicious with greens and fungi!
You are on the right track choosing low calorie options
You used a variety of healthy, low calorie and low fat foods to create this meal
Oh, I love the combination of mushrooms and lettuce!
You are doing an amazing job choosing low calorie, healthy foods!
Fabulous job eating these vegetables!
Beans of any kind are an awesome addition to salads, nice job!
These vegetables are very beneficial to your diet.
Congrats on eating this healthy meal!
Great choices, keep it up!
Great job using fresh veggies.
Keep it up, you're doing well
Great job choosing a meal with zero cholesterol!
Keep up the great work combining healthy vegetables to create low sodium meals
Lima beans are always nice for a stir-fry, awesome choice.
You paid close attention to serving size when preparing your salad
Fabulous work eating no cholesterol.
Great choice on the raw food!
Seeds are a good addition to this salad.
Keep up the marvelous work!
Great choices keep up the good work!
Great job on the fresh veggies.
Chickpeas are very popular for their inexpensive protein source, awesome selection!
looks delicious!
Great job of using fresh veggies.
You are showing great capability!
Great job!
Great low sodium dressing!
This is an amazing meal for the low sodium!
You're doing well, so keep it up!
Cucumbers are a nice addition to any salad.
I am so proud of you!
Nuts are a good protein source!
Like the veggies.
great job on the fresh veggies.
Fantastic job on getting all those veggies in, a great start to a healthy meal!
What an awesome salad! Way to go!
Well that's certainly a palate cleanser!
Great job adding lentils.
Great low carb meal!
Spinach and red leaf lettuce were healthy, nutrient rich, low calorie choices
Great job on the raw veggies for this meal.
Great variety of vegetables!
Fantastic job on creating a healthy meal that has so many different green vegetables!!
Keep eating these healthy meals full of low fat, low calorie foods and controlling your portion sizes
Great job on the fresh veggies for this meal.
Great combo!
Kale is nice start of greens, nice job!
Sesame seeds are refreshing in a salad, nice choice!
Love the dark leafy greens good choice!
Great job on using fresh veggies.
Yum, that looks delicious!
Salads are such a great choice!
Mushrooms provide a great source of protein, great choice to add to your salad!
White corn is a nice change of pace, nice call!
Watercress is an awesome idea for a salad ingredient, nice choice!
Keep eating healthy salads just like this!
You have done a great job at keeping your sugars low.
Salad at lunch is a great choice!
Great choices in greens!
Excellent choices!!
Keep doing what you are doing!
I am very impressed with this healthy salad!
Yum, that looks delicious!
Basil is an awesome spice to use, great job!
Your meal was mainly vegetables, well done!
Keep using healthy raw vegetables in your meals
cashews are  good source of protein.
Water dense food, good work!
Excellent choices!!
Great job, this is a great healthy meal choice because you incorporated so many types of greens and vegetables into one meal.
Let's keep these healthy, low calorie eating habits up!
I am so happy for your salad!
Keep it up!! Great job!!
Spinach and sun-dried tomatoes are an awesome combo, nice choice!
Great choices!
you are on your way to success
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
Great job!!!
Low calorie and low sugar intake is a great choice.
Great items you created your meal with. Let's try to add a little more protein.
Since this meal contains only vegetables, it is very healthy.
Great use of veggies in the meal.
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
Great meal!!
Super healthy, good job!
You got it my friend!
These are healthy foods.
I love this salad you made!
Great job on the fresh veggies.
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
spinach is a great salad green
You got this so good, keep it up!
Great use of veggies in the meal.
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
Great job using fresh veggies for dinner.
I love this salad, nice work!
Very healthy choice full of energizing nutrients!
Great choices, keep it up!
Great job! Keep sugar away is huge!
Looks great!
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
Great job using fresh veggies for dinner.
Interesting salad, all those greens!
Your meal has a great amount of greens.
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
I am so  unbelievably proud of you!
You are doing great!
What a great meal!  I really like what I see with sugar content and protein.  Fat grams look great as well.  Great job!
I believe this meal is very healthy for the protein levels as well as sugar and cholesterol levels.
Great job making a healthy salad!
Mixing the greens is a great little salad.
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
Good nutritional balance on the salad
Fantastic job on this!
Great work with keeping the cholesterol low.
Super nutritioous and healthy
Very good job keeping your sodium intake low!
This meal has a great amount of protein!
Keep up the good work!
Nice job keeping your carbs down and sticking with some very healthy veggies!
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
This salad is a great source of vitamin A and fiber.
The spinach is a great source for fiber and protein.
What a wonderful salad you have here!
Kale and carrots are a nice combo, good job!
Very low in calories, sugar, and carbs, good job!
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
Great use of fresh veggies in the meal.
Nice salad!
Great healthy items you pieced together. Let's see if there is another source of protein you can add to this.
You're making some fantastic choices and are on the right track! You stayed away from processed carbohydrates and stayed with nice, healthy vegetables.
Good work!!
Wow, You did a great job choosing a healthy meal.
you are on your way to success!
This is an excellent salad!
What a great looking salad you had for lunch.
Kale and mushrooms are a nice combo for salads, good job!
Salads are such a great choice!
Very good choices. These items pieced together creates a good meal. Great job.
Spinach and radishes mixed together keep you very healthy
Great work incorporating so many vegetables in your meal!
A salad with chicken peas is very low in sugar!
Wonderful healthy salad full of vegetables.
This meal is wonderful because its low in sugar and sodium
Spinach is a great part of a healthy salad.
Good choices with the veggies!
Very low in calories and fat, nice job!
A high-protein, high-fat meal that's a bit vegan too!
Keep up the good work! This salad has the right amount of sugar.
This is such a healthy and delicious green salad!
Great choices!
Good job diversifying your vegetable intake.
That's very healthy! Can't go wrong with Kale.
Great job trying to incorporate fresh raw veggies into your meal.
Great choices. Let's see if we can find a way to add another source of protein.
Those are some healthy choices, keep up the good work!
Carrots are always nice in a salad, nice choice.
Congrats on a very healthy salad!
Portion sizes were kept under control in your healthy meal
Awesoe job!!!!
Good choices, good job!
You are on your way to success!
Great work on eating a low cholesterol, low fat meal!
keep up the good work
Great job!!!!
this meal is so healthy because it doesn't have much fat or cholesterol!
Look at you crushing your vegetable servings.
An amazing choice.
Red hot chili peppers are a nice touch to salads, nice job!
Blue cheese dressing is a nice choice for a low cal dressing.
This is so healthy because its low in sugar and sodium
Spices are always nice additions to any salads, keep up the good work!
You are on your way to success!
You made a great choice! The lettuce and raw cashews are very good for you! Keep up the great work!
Awesome job!
You are on your way to success!
Spray salad dressing is an awesome idea, good job!
Corn and mushrooms are a nice mix for a salad, nice job!
Good combination of vegetables.
You've got this!
You are on your way to success!
Sounds tasty!
Keep up the awesome work!
You are on your way to success!
Colorful salad!
How refreshing looking!
You have made a healthy choice. Romaine lettuce has great nutrients. Lima beans have a good amount of fiber. Great job!
Excellent meal you chose. Let's see if there is any way we could add some nuts or seeds for added protein.
Spinach is always a nice starter for salad, good job.
Keep trying
Very low in cholesterol, keep it up!
Radishes are a nice touch, good job!
You are on your way to success!!!
Great use of fresh veggies.
Keep up the good work!
You are on your way to success!
Way to include so many fresh veggies!
Keep trying
You are on your way to success!
Spinach and kale are two nice greens to start a salad.
Arugula and spinach are a nice combo for a salad, nice job!
Nice meal you chose. Let's see if we can add some seeds or nuts for more balance. Great work.
Lettuce and kale are a nice combo for any salad.
Sounds delicious!
Great job on using mushrooms in the meal.
Great job, keep it up!
keep up the good work
You are on your way to success!
Keep up the good work!
You are on your way to success!
Great use of fresh lettuce in the meal.
Lettuce is a nice choice for a salad starter, nice job!
Keep trying
Great job, low calorie meals are very healthy!
You kept your calories low, great job!
You are on your way to success!
Grea choices
You are on your way to success!
you are on your way to success
Yum, that looks delicious!
Good healthy choices. Let's see if we can gain more protein from another source.
This is a fantastic meal choice, its low in sugar and cholesterol
Nice veggie and dressing choice. You are figuring out balance. Nice work.
Great job keep it up
Looking great, keep up the good work!
You are on your way to success!
You are on your way to success!
A colorful salad!
Red peppers are very healthy.
Great salad!
Stir-fried mushrooms are a nice addition to any salad.
Great choices! Lima beans are an excellent source of energy.
Sounds delicious!
Keep up the good work!
Great job on using the vinegar along with veggies in the meal.
Carbs, protein and fats, very healthy!
Greens will keep you on track!
Yum, that looks delicious!
Salad can be a great choice!
Nice choice of reduced Italian dressing, good call!
Good job incorporating greens into your diet.
Onions and mushrooms are great additions to any salad, great!
Spinach and kale are a nice combo for salads, good job!
Perfect salad.
Crimini mushrooms are full of flavor and minerals
The kale is high in fiber and protein.
Having vegetables for your meal is a healthyy way to eat.
Wow, looks great!
Colorful and yummy looking salad.
Italian mushrooms are a unique nice addition to any salad.
Wow, great job keeping the cholesterol down!
Wow, looks great!
Fantastic job my friend!
Thank you for sharing the recipe
Promising start!
Lettuce is always a nice start to any salad, good job!
Excellent choices. Let's see if we can find a way to add another avenue for protein. Good job.
Keep it up!
You are on your way to success!
Nice and healthy choices in your salad, good job!
You are on your way to success!
You are on your way to success!
Kee it up!!!
You are on your way to success!
That looks so refreshing!
Good variety.
You got this, I believe in you!
Although the carbs were a little high, you did well on everything else. It was a well rounded meal.
Looks like a good meal
You are doing fabulous!
Turkey is a great source of protein! It's lean, delicious, and roasting is a great method!
Good job getting in some solid protein!
The sodium and carb is a little high. Along with the fat intake. But you are making great strides.
Good variety of choices in your meal.
Keep up this fabulous work on the low sodium meal!
Keep it up the work!
You're making awesome choices!
Great choices! I enjoy that same blend of meal and appreciate your healthy choice!
This meal is an ok meal, great amount of meat.
Good balance!
Great job tracking in your diary!
Good balance of meat and starch.
Beef is a great source of protein, iron, and B vitamins! Butter is a great fat, since it's animal based
Great choices with lots of vegetables
Great protein content in the steak! Good, balanced meal.
Pickled herring is a wonderful choice for a tasty treat. Adding squash and broccoli adds fiber and carbs for a great meal.
Nice job on making a meal that has a lot of energy!
Nice job sticking with low sugar choices! This meal is low in fat, sugar and carbohydrates -- keep it up!
That's a well-balanced meal!
Great choices. You are making great strides at nutritional value.
Way to go trying something different!
You made good choices.
Salmon is a great provider of protein with no carbohydrates, great choice!
Try to stay away from processed foods to avoid high sodium and fat. Great job adding vegetable though. Keep it up.
Great attempt at making a meal!
Great choice of protien!
This is a great, balanced meal. So glad to see two vegetables on your plate!
Great choice of a meal. You are on the right track. Keep this up!
You're on a good path. Keep up the great work with balanced meals.
This meal is not bad, you had a great amount of protein!
Wow, this is a really balanced, healthy meal.
A great filling meal!
This is a decent start.
I love your collards!
Good choices here!
Nicely balance meal
Seaweed is an interesting and exciting choice for your dinner. The sesame oil adds a nice addition to both the seaweed and mushrooms.
Yum, sounds good, thanks for checking in with your meal!
Great comfort food meal!
Great healthy meal getting in some good veggies
Health conscious protein rich diet balanced diet with less sugar and cholestroal.
This is a good start!
You are doing better!
Keep up the good work!
Nice job on making this a high energy meal!
This meal is healthy because it packs a lot of protein, a good amount of carbs, and little sugar.
Good choices with the beans and potato leaves.
That's really great! You are getting a large amount of your daily protein int his meal. Keep it up!
Good job on portion control and getting protein in
That was a good effort!
good job ending your day with a dinner.
Keep up the good work with the vegetables.
There is plenty of iron found in this meal.
Great job on the low carb meal!
Great meal choice, way to go!
Great job balancing out this meal.
You did a great job keeping away from fat and cholesterol.
Trying to be healthy needs to have balance. You'll do better next time.
Great job trying to balance things. Remember to pay attention to processed foods for sodium intake.
You're on the right track!
Great idea for a meal.
The turnip greens sound delicious!
Great job on protein!
The egg drop soup sounds delicious!
Good choice for lean protein.
Love your sodium awareness!
Great job choosing a lean cut of meat and a nutrient-dense vegetable!
This is a great meal for you. The sweet potato fries are a great source of carbs and spaghetti squash is always a wonderful choice.
Lobster is good choice every now-and-then
I like the squash in that meal!
Good choice on the cheese. If you're a cheese fan, it seems more worth it to get a nicer kind you'll enjoy
It's not everyday you see artichokes! This is a good effort, with protein, fat, and carbs represented.
I see where you were going with the meal. Great path. Next time try to watch the sodium in processed foods.
That's a healthy meal you had.
Great choice on eating brown rice!
Great job on making this meal high in protein!
Good job with the diet!
has a large amount of protien
Keep it up!
This is a great start, you've got protein, fat, and fruit on your plate.
You know what you're doing!
Great job in a well balanced meals. Very nutritious. You're doing very well.
Looks like a healthier way to make a version of chicken pot pie.. love it!
You are doing great!
You are doing great, good choices
Your meal has great variety!
It looks like from your choices you're on the go maybe. Well done on picking some variety, or at least a soup with variety
Great job at rounding out a meal. Continue to add veggies for great health.
This meal is not too bad, you could add in some vegetables to balance it more.
Your meal has a good amount of protein.
This meal is great in regards to the sugar content!
Your effort is showing!
Excellet protein and the egg noodles are a good choice for your starch.
This meal is overall healthy.
This meal is an ok meal, you could try to add in some protein.
Awesome choice of a healthy meal. Awesome job on trimming the fat on the beef chuck arm. I am so proud of you.
Great job on keeping the sugar intake low!
that was a nutritious meal, keep up the good work!
Great job .Keep it up
Great choices! Great balance you have going on. Keep up the great work.
Good protein low cholesterol low calories
Great choices! A good balanced meal. Keep up with these choices.
Turkey and sweet potatoes are both healthy and fully of essential vitamins.
Wonderful meal.
Your main dish was very healthy!
Great attempt at this dinner!
sodium level high
You are making some headway
Goat cheese and noodles are a tasty combination with loads of carbs for plenty of energy.
Great healthy choices. Next time try to eat a little more protein. You're doing good!
Great comfort food meal!
You are on your way to making great choices. Remember to watch the sodium intake.
Try to make better choices. A protein or veggie would be best with this meal.
You'll get the hang of it!
Summer squash is a great choice for vitamins.
Lots of protein in this meal.  Creative way of increasing the nutritional value of the canned soup.
This meal is an ok meal, great amount of meat.
Good choices with the veggies. Remember to add protein to gain a balanced meal.
That's a nice, balanced meal with protein and veggies.
You're doing great!
what a filling balanced meal youve come up with keep it up
Fantastic meal combo!
Low fat, a little low on the protein
The veggies are a great source of fiber.
Not bad for a first try.
Your meal had great protein intake and was low fat!! Great work!
Nice meal  - good protein!
Great delicious looking meal!
Great meal plan!
You are doing awesome!
Keep it up!
Your meal has a great amount of protein.
Great motivation. Keep up the good work
Terrific nutritional balance!
Your low sodium meal choice was really health!
Great lean mean choice!
The asparagus is a healthy veggie choice.
Great protein intake and great variety of food! Great work heating the potatoes puffs in the oven instead of deep frying!!
Wow, this is a great protein-rich meal!
Great low-fat, low-sugar meal choice! Keep up the great work!
Keep up your great work!
AWESOME MEAL.GOOD VARIETY. GREAT BALANCE . KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
High protein, low calories
Nice balanced meal and good choice of lower sodium soup!
Your meal has a good amount of energy.
Good jobs on the different variety of foods.
This is a really balanced meal, you made excellent choices!
Impressive dinner, I think the low carb and good fatty acids are great in this one,
Sounds like a great meal to me!  I like that it is not loaded with fats or too much carbs.
Great tasyte combo
Good start with this meal.
You are attempting to make great choices. Remember to read food labels. Processed foods are higher in sodium.
Great meal. This shows you have dedication to your health.
Really good work on this.
Snap beans are an awesome vegetable choice.
Great intake of fiber!
Don't give up!
This is a great meal!
This meal has a good amount of energy.
Lots of protein content in this meal.
I like the start of this meal plan.
Try to remember processed foods are full of sodium and carbs.
Your meal has a great amount of protein.
Chicken, French fries and leaf lettuce make a tasty, healthy meal. Your meal has plenty of protein and carbs for some nice energy.
Nice Balance keep up the good work
I love your effort.
Let's limit our sodium next time!
I like it!  Even with pork, the sodium levels are good, and low carbs all around. The squash is a great vegetable and filler.
Looks good!  Sweet peas and cauliflower cooked in olive oil, a great at that is better for your body.
I love the fact that you included a red pepper in your meal because they are high in vitamin C and other important nutrients.
Great healthy meal with good protein!
You're keeping really good track of your meals.
Great choices with the vegetables. Keep up the great work.
Great choices and trying to balance the meal. This will help you in the future.
This meal is nice and high in important protein.
Great lots of protein
Lean beef is a good protein choice.
Very healthy choices.  Boiling the hotdog removed a lot of fat.  Good protein.
Great meal!
Great job, this is packed full of fiber!
Very creative meal, I like that you tried to mix up the vegetables and it has very low cholesterol and sodium in these.
Great meal! This was a good balance. You are on a great path.
Great lots of protein
This meal is high in protein.
This wasnt the best. Try to add good protein & veggies for the best value.
Wonderful meal choice!
Your meal has a great amount of meat and protein.
Good effort!
I love that you had cowpeas as one of your veggies! They're so nutritious!
Try to add veggies to gain more nutrition.
Great balanced meal.
This meal has been excellently planned!
This is a good meal and shows restraint.
Your meal is great for its low calories.
That's a pretty good meal.
You prepared a meal high in energy and protein, which is important for succeeding in today's high paced world!
I love the organic brown rice too!
Keep up the good work!
You are on the right track!
This meal has a good amount of protein.
The lean fat beef is a great protein choice.
Great job on eating well!
Basil really adds flavor to the pasta.
Great job with your protein intake!
Great job. Your determination is showing. You are creating good balanced meals.
Great job on getting more whole grains into your meal!
What a healthy dinner!
Great balance of a meal. You are doing well. Keep up the great work.
Great choices. Well done keeping it balanced. You're on a good route.
You're doing a great job at keeping your calories down.
Excellent choice of lean meat and veggies.
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
What a great meal! Way to make healthy choices!
Great choices.
You'll be full of fiber and protein to squash cravings and in between meal snacking with these choices.
Protein is always a great option for a meal!
awesome job!
This meal has a great amount of protein!
You did a great job getting in some good healthy fats!
Great choices. You are well on your way to a balanced diet. Great work.
Good job with a well rounded dinner!
Keep trying
This meal is not bad, you had a great amount of protein!
Great work on this!
Love this meal choice!
You made great choices with low amounts of fat, sodium and sugar.
This meal is not bad, you had a great amount of protein!
Your meal is a great choice because it provides plenty of protein. Protein promotes stamina and muscle health.
Fantastic meal! Very healthy!
Boiled cabbage is a great source of nutrients.
Outstanding selection!
Awesome job including veggies in your meal, keep it up!
Nice meal, the steak is a great protein source.
Skirt steak and lima beans with golden mushroom soup makes an original meal for you. The soup is an excellent starter, and the steak and limas will taste great as your meal.
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
Good job on keeping your carbohydrates in moderation
Great job, your protien and vegatable intake are wonderful for key vitamins and nutrients to fule your body!
Onions add a lot of minerals to a meal.
Keep it going! great choices for less sugar, sodium and increasing protein!
Keep maintaining!
Good job keeping sugar and carbohydrates low.
Delicious choices!
Great meal. You are making great choices. Keep it up.
This meal has a great amount of protein!
Keep up the good effort!
I am happy with your effort!
Great job on keeping the sugar and calories low!
What a great meal and look at all that good protein!
Great variety of food types!
Great lean choices for protein
Great Choice!
This meal is not bad, you had a great amount of protein!
Nice! That rice is a very healthy side!
Again, I like the proteins.
Sweet potato fries are a great choice.
Keep up the good work!
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
Maybe you could have done without the bratwurst
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
You're on a good path. Let's try to gain more balance by adding some veggies.
Nice job adding the peas. Lets try to add some more veggies. You can do this.
Ground turkey is a great option.  Broiling is also a good cooking option.
Great job in eating those veggies!
Great job!
Don't limit yourself on flavor
This meal is not bad, you had a great amount of protein!
This looks great.
Keep making positive strides.
Great try with this!
Great job adding fresh vegetables to your meal!
Lets try to keep the carbs down!
Good job and continue to  trim all fatty meat.
Great job adding quinoa!
Chicken is a great lean protein.
Good job with a well rounded dinner!
This is a very healthy mean. With very low amounts of sugars and carbs this mean will keep you energized.
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
You have made two good choices with the potatoes and broccoli.
You can do this!
You are doing an amazing job!
Great job with getting enough protein in this meal! You also kept the sugar to almost zero!
Great job with keeping this low carb.
Great job keeping your meal in proportion!
Very good choices. Very healthy .
Great start to a healthier you!
Great job getting two vegetables in!
Great source of protein!
Excellent choice on your protien. opting to roast verses frying was a great way of preventing the addition of extra fats.
Great meal, the squash is an excellent addition.
Good portion size
You're doing a good job. Great choices. Lets try to add some green veggies. Keep on this great path.
Keep up the great work!
You're making good choices. Lets try to add veggies for greater nutritonal value. Good job.
Great job using lean meat and vegetables!
Cheese is a great option for your protein.
Nice use of squash
This looks great!
This looks great!
Lean Beef is a great way to get your iron - good choice
Steak with spaghetti and soup makes a hearty meal for you. It has plenty of carbs and protein for a healthy meal.
I see what you were going for here, and you're headed in the right direction.
Greal job, mushrooms are full of important minerals.
Good choices. Remember to watch portions to gain the greatest nutrition. You're doing well.
Keep trying
You're on a good path. Let's try to watch processed foods with sodium. You can do this.
Yum! A tasty meal that's also very healthy!
Good for you it sound very good
This meal has a great amount of protein!
This meal has a great amount of protein!
Good work!
Beef is very healthy for you!
This meal is an ok meal, great amount of protein.
Great job! You have a lot of protein, and were able to add in some greens.
This looks great.
This meal is healthy with good amounts of protein and carbohydrates.
You are showing good balance. Stay on this path for healthy habits.
Great low carb meal with healthy protein
You're getting there. Lets try to work on sodium intake. You're going to get the hang of this.
This looks great.
trimmed brisket is a great protein choice.
Good job eating lean meat and choosing low sodium soup.
Great job choosing the leaner option of ground beef.
This meal is quite healthy, great variety.
This looks great!
Turkey with cheese and soup is a hearty, tasty meal for you. It has plenty of carbs and protein making it a healthy choice.
Beef is the best!
This meal has a great amount of protein!
You are doing amazing work, keep it up!
Keep working at it!
This looks great!
You're making great choices. Lets try to add some more veggies.
Great job keeping this fairly low in fat!
This looks great!
This looks great!
Summer squash adds lots of minerals to a meal.
This looks great.
This looks great!
This looks great!
This looks great!
Cheese is a tasty protein choice.
This looks great!
I see what you're trying to do, and you've got some good ideas.
Nice lowfat cheese choice!
This looks great!
Ricotta cheese is full of protein.
You're doing great!
I think it's great you are making sure to eat your vegetables!
very well balance meal! Next time, try sauerkraut with less sodium if it's available.
Flank streak and feta cheese seasoned with celery seed makes for a protein rich light meal.
Now that's a gourmet style meal! Great job!
Snap beans are a great source of minerals.
That sounds like you were doing a great job getting your protein!
Geat job!!!
Nice variety of foods!
This looks great!
Well, you can't get much more balanced than this.  Bravo!
This looks great!
Cabbage is full of vitamins.
Good choices!
Awesome choices
This looks great.
Nice work, I am proud of you!
You're doing great!
Nice job limiting cooking oil
Beef tenderloin is a great meat choice.
great choices!
You are on your way to success!
Roasted chicken is a great low fat option.
Goat cheese is a great protein choice.
You have this down!
This looks great!
Wholesome Choice!
Simmered turkey necks are great for minerals.
This looks great!
A nice moderate calorie meal packed with protien.
Vegetable soup is full of nutrition.
This meal is high in protein.
Your protein intake is amazing!
Very good job using healthy walnut oil and in the correct portion.
Great job, love the protein and vegtables and the minimal carbs as a side.
Great job choosing a lean protein and whole grains!
Your calorie consumption is right were it should be.
This is a pretty healthy meal, lots of protein! Good job balancing out your rice with a good vegetable. Keep up the good work!
Excellent job of eating brisket with 0 fat and keeping carbohydrates to 1/2 cup.
This looks great!
Protein packed meal, great work!
This meal is not bad, you had a great amount of protein!
good job!
This looks great!
Great job at eating a well balanced meal!
Great high protein rice and meat options.
You sold me at beef brisket
Wise choice with the roast my friend!
The beef sirloin looks fantastic
This looks great!
This looks great!
Wise choices today my friend!
That choice of meat is stunning!
You made a very creative low fat meal good job draining grease.
Brown rice is such a great pick; much better than white!
Good choice on your meal, chicken is a great source of protein.
Fantastic choices!
All choices are a healthy decision.
Quinoa is a good choice of carb.
I'm blown away by your inventiveness! Keep up the great work!
I like those veggie selections.
Amazing attempt at this meal!
Good choice for fiber with the poppyseed spice. Good source of protein.
Keep it up!
Egglplant is a fascinating choice
This meal will keep you going and fill you up.
Not bad and try harder.
Good job including a vegetable in your meal!
This looks great!
Beef and rice can be a satisfying meal that is substantial and filling from time to time.
You can do this!
How about a what...what on the choice of pork!
The New Zealand beef looks mouth-watering!
The peppers and rice combo is interesting yet healthy
This looks great!
Wow. Great choices here!
You're doing great!
This meal is healthy because of the food choices and amounts eaten!
Good job! Keep it up!
Nice job with this!
Great job keeping the meal low in sodium!
This looks great!
You did a good job eating ample amount of protein and adding mushrooms.
This meal looks like it is bursting with flavor!
Great choice of sides for this meal!
Looks great! Very healthy and balanced.
this looks very looks healthy..good choices
Interesting meal!
This looks great!
This meal has a good amount of energy in it.
This looks great!
This looks great!
Let's aim to increase more energy (kcal) intake next time !
Great job choosing foods low in calories!
Great choices in proteins and fibers with the vegetable sides.
Great choice in vegetables today!
This looks great!
You did a great job choosing  a healthful meal!
What an interesting meal, wouldn't of thought of this trio
Great job using the chicken.
Keep working hard at this!
The macaroni, corn and turkey trio is interesting and easy to prepare
Great choice in lean protein and low calorie rice.
The peppers are certainly a bold choice
Let's limit our carbohydrate intake next time!
Keep up the hard work!
Great balance of nutrients, and your serving sizes are excellent!
Doing great, keep it up!
This meal has a good amount of protein.
Great balanced meal!
Excellent  choice of  protein trimming fat to 0.
The colors of this meal, wow!
This is a healthy meal that low in sodium, cholesterol and fat.
The mushrooms are a terrific choice
A balanced meal incorporating vegetables, protein, and starch.  Keep up the good work!
This meal has a good amount of vegetables in it.
Great job!
This looks great!
Great job keep up the great work, you can do it!
keep it up
Well balanced meal!
This is a delicious filling and healthy meal!
Hey, that is a nice meal.
This looks great!
This looks great!
This meal has a great amount of protein!
You're on a good path. Let's try to add some protein and veggies for a rounded meal.
Keep it up!
The New Zealand beef looks mouth-watering!
These are great choices
I believe in you!
Nice lean cut of meat
Interesting mix with the oil flaxseed.
Great work keeping sodium intake down.
Good work involving green leafy vegetables.
Buttered (margarine) rice with shiitake mushrooms is a tasty, light meal for you with lots of carbs for plenty of energy.
Great job at getting enough protein.
You are doing well.
Keep up the great work!
Good for you for trying to control your sodium intake.
Keep at it, you will push through!
Great job, keep it up!
Beef and Noodles can be a filling and satisfying meal that provides energy and protein to our muscles.
You made a good meal choice.
Good meal. Let's try to add some green veggies for added nutrition.
Now you're cooking!
You did d a great job eating filling low fat meal.
Good effort trying to get in protein, fats, and carbohydrates!
Your protein choice was very smart
This looks great!
Good job with the fiber and protein!
Great job!
Beef and broccoli seasoned with garlic is a great healthy meal for you.
Good job on your vegetable intake, and great job incorporating seaweed!
A meal with variety in flavor and texture.
The calorie intake looks great.
Your meal choice shows you are dedicated to greater health. Keep this up.
Good job on a well-balanced meal.
Keep going, you can do this!
Rocking it!
Great choice on greens!
Beef is so good for your iron absortion.
Great healthy choices. Keep up the momentum. You are on a great path.
Chicken and rice with swiss chard is always a healthy meal choice for you.
You are doing very good, well done!
Amazing work!
You're on a good path. Let's try to keep an eye on sodium intake.
Very good choice of meat. Turkey breast is low in fat yet high in protein.
Great job including vegetables rich in beta-carotene!
This looks great!
You're working toward a goal, way to go!
Nice work!
This meal has good balance.
You had excellent protein at this meal!
Great work!
Good balance of food groups
Beef is an excellent source of iron
Rocking it, keep it up!
Vegetables and rice are a healthy choice.
With this meal you're going to be a great amount of greens.
This was moderately healthy. Good Job!
Great job keeping your sugar intake low while packing in the proteins!
Amazing work on this balanced meal that is low in sugar.
Peppers are a great food to stimulate digestions.
This was a very healthy meal incorporating protein, low calorie raw vegetables and a healthy amount of carbohydrates
Keep up that protein intake!
Wow this is an amazing meal, I love the way you created spinach spaghetti and coconut oil with prime steak.
Excellent job! You did great keeping the sugars at a low level and using more healthy seasoning choices than using salt and pepper. Keep it up!
Good work having white meat in your diet.
Good job with a meal that has a lot of protein and energy with a low sodium count.
This meal is high in protein and low in fat - great job!
Great low carb meal!
great job; this meal looks amazing.
I am very proud of your profound effort!
This is a healthy meal because it is fairly high in protein which is good for you and helps to make you feel full.
Nice choice on the lean meat.
Good Job! This is exactly what you need to be doing.
Good job choosing lean protein and healthy vegetables!
Great job, keep it up!
This meal is wonderful because it's low in fat and sugar
Next time, try to choose a choice of meat that is less processed.
Great work incorporating green vegetables into your meal.
great job; this meal looks amazing.
Fabulous work on this meal!
Keep it up
Carrots are a healthy vegetable
This is a good balance of food groups.
Corn is a good veggie
Next time try to limit carbs!
Good choices!
This looks great!
Amazing work on eating lots of energy.
This meal is a good balance of protein, fats, and carbs.
Nice work with this meal in terms of keeping the carbs low.
this is a low caloric meal, good work.
This looks great!
Creative meal with lots of flavor and a little spice.
Way to go!
Nice job with this meal!
You're doing great, keep it up!
The wild rice and the lean beef make a great carb/fat combo.
High Protein Meal quick and easy.
Wonder options!
keep on going, you're doing good!
Good work putting this one together!
Great job, keep it up!
You are getting a good amount of protein with this meal.
Keep the low sugar intake going.
You got an amazing amount of fiber in!
Excellent meal. You are on a great path. Keep this up!
Looks good and healthy!
Very creative!
You are getting there. Let's work on getting a balanced meal.
the low fat content is very good with this meal
A low calories veggie delight.
Nice choice on your protein. Lets see if we can add some veggies for added value.
Amazing effort on this!
This looks great!
Great job adding protein to your meal!
Great vegetable choices!
Carrots are a great source of beta carotene
You are so close to your goals!
Chicken and rice with carrots is a delicious meal for you as well as being a healthy one. This meal provides plenty of protein and carbs for a great meal.
Let's cut out a few carbs next time!
You did very well with this meal. Lets try adding more veggies. Great job!
You did a good job adding fresh vegetables to your meal!
very good choices
Great job incorporating several food groups into one meal!
This meal has some healthy vegetables in it!
Let's watch our fat and sodium intake!
Keep it up!
Keep making good choices!
Nice veggie option choice
Great healthy food choices.
Nice work choosing foods higher in fiber!
Delicious and healthy.... way to go!
You can do it!
What a wonderful way to flavor your meal!
Great balance in this meal, rice can add a lot of hidden protein to a meal!
Good job with protien and carb
Mushroom and pork was a healthy choice
Great sources of protein!
That's a pretty healthy meal.
The portion sizes you chose were very smart
Nice low calorie meal with a punch of protein.
You remembered to limit your sugar when planning this meal
Keep it up, lets keep cooking!
Good job creating a filling meal.
Great thinking
Nice job picking quinoa and cauliflower!
Good job with healthy chicken
The meal you chose was very balanced with carbohydrates, protein and vegetables
Pretty good food choices.
Great job included healthier dishes
Keep on aiming for high and low carb balance.
Great job choosing a variety of whole grains, lean protein and healthy vegetables!
These are great choices for protein, and great way to keep the sugar content low!
Great job adding spinach to dinner.
Great job on getting your protein in!
you are making some good choices!
This is great looking, well-balance meal !
Keep it up! You have a good balance of protein and carbs with a fair amount of sugar.
Great start!
Nice job, keep it up!
Awesome choices! The brown rice and tofu is a perfect combination!
Keep it up!
Continue making good healthy decisions
Keep trying to get that good meal!
You are doing great keeping the salt low!
Good job with having no sodium with the peas
Way to have some variety in your meal!
Tomatoes were wan awesome choice with the beef and rice!
Way to go!
Fabulous work with this!
Keep up the outstanding work!
Keep trying!
Great job.
Outstanding calorie and protein consumption.
Green beans are a great addition to the meal! Great job.
Good job at taking in enough calories.
This is a generally healthy meal. It is low in fat and sugar.
You are doing absolutely phenomenal!
Mushrooms are a healthy vegetable and wild rice is a healthy grain
What an amazing dinner!
Great job adding whole wheat pasta to the meal.
Great meal with variety of textures and colors.
Look at the awesome food choices!
Great job on getting some good protein in this meal.
I am unbelievably proud of you!
Nice rice and bean combo thee.
I love how you incorporate a variety of colors into your meAl! Keep it up!
I am so proud of you for making this meal!
Nice choices
You are doing very great with keeping that sugar at a reasonable level!
Great job with the fiber on this one!
You did a good job with limiting the sugar and fat intake.  Also, good job on protein intake.
Great choice of lean meet and peas with out added salt.
Doing great!
Those are some healthy protein levels.
Great job eating your vegetables!
Keep up the good work, this is going in the right direction
This meal looks great! Keep it up!
Awesome meal!
Great use of healthy ingredients!
Quinoa is great choice in this meal!
Marvelous work my friend!
Veggies are a great choice
I am impressed with how you handled the sugars!
Let's look for more protein for dinner.
You are doing absolutely amazing!
Marvelous job my friend!
Great choice choosing Soaghetti Noodles without salt.
Cauliflower is a nice veggie choice, nice job.
I like your choices.
Awesome! excellent choices!
You have made some pretty good choices.
Quinoa is a good source of protein and healthy carbohydrates
Great job on picking a lean source of protein.
Great job on the lean cut of meat.
Turkey is a great lean protein!
This meal is healthy, full of good building blocks for energy. Lots of protein, low in fat, and carbs to help you stay full and energized.
Great choice on rice for a grain!
Goat cheese is an awesome choice, nice job!
Tofu is a great part of any healthy diet!
This meal is low in fat, good work.
Great job on lean meat.
Great job with your protein intake!
Nice meal, way to keep the sugar low!
Wonderful job mixing ingredients!
You worked hard to create a well rounded meal
Not a bad meal, not too many calories.
Rice and beef are a good combo, excellent choice.
Good job overall, the meal is decently healthy but next time lets try adding some greens into the mix!
Great job balancing food groups -- you've got protein, grains, and vegetables in good ratios!
Great job using a lean cut of meat for this dinner.
I am very impressed with you and your remarkable effort!
Great  blend of carbs from the rice and corn along with protein from the pork loin.
Great job using the turkey in this meal.
Good for you for putting in this effort!
Love the healthy mushroom choice! Good job.
Wonderful job combining vegetables, carbs and protein!
Smart choices with the raw kale and brown rice!
Keep it up!
Great healthful food choices.
This meal has great sources of fiber and protein.
Good job adding a green veggie into your meal.
a classic meal
Amazing work with this!
Using lean pork is a good choice.
Great job using fresh veggies.
Stay focused on your goals.
I am incredibly impressed by your outstanding work!
Great choice on green!
Great job on meal choices.
Great job picking the beef.
I am very proud of this meal!
That sounds delicious! Great choice!
Great job using the lean beef.
You are doing an unbelievably amazing job, good work!
Good job using the pork as lean meat.
A nicely balanced meal!
good job choosing meat
looks delicious!
Perfect foods.
You can't go wrong with turkey, excellent choice!
Great job at balancing. You are showing your determination.
You made a healthy choice today using spinach spaghetti.
Good Job! Looks likes a balanced meal.
This meal looks wonderful!
Let's try for more protein next time!
This is a good protein meal!
Don't give up, you got this!
Emu is an interesting choice for protein!
Great job using the green veggies that are fresh for dinner.
That looks like a delicious meal !
Great job on your balanced day!
Great job on picking a lean cut of meat.
Good mix of meat and vegetables!
Great protein content!
Good job making a dinner with lots of protein and vegetables!
Nice work with this meal, I am impressed!
Great on the sugar intake!
I am very proud of you for eating a low sodium meal!
Excellent work with the cauliflower and broccoli!!
You are doing a very good job!
Great job keeping the sugars down!
Great job on the fresh celery
the beef and the rice provide alot of protein. the onions have alot of surgars in it.
Great source of protein!
Beef is great source of protein!
Awesome job.
Great satiating meal!
Great job using lean beef in your dinner.
Great job! Keep it up
This is a wonderful meal.
Wow, good job controlling those portions!
Great job maintaining lots of protein!
Keep it up!
The sides are wonderful and keeps your sodium intake at a healthy level.
Congratulations on balancing the high carb with a low carb.
This is healthy because of all the jalapenos!
Great job choosing higher fiber foods.
Way to go, you got a lot of protein from this meal, that is an essential building block to a good diet.
