Next time let's slip some other colors into the yummy salad mix.
Nice work on keeping the sodium so low
This salad is good but not balanced enough
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
You are on your way to good health, making choices like this.
Add some legumes for more protein.
Keep it up but it needs more protein.
Make your own salad dressing for  healthier choice.
Keep at it!
I am very impressed by you and this low cholesterol meal.
Let's take a better look at the salt next time, okay?
Great work with this!
I love that you incorporated radishes, and I think it could really increase the nutritional value of your meal if you added in more green veggies and reduce the kcalories from the fat!
You can look for a low sodium dressing option next time.
Next time let's keep the protein just as high.
Ad whole grains to make this meal more filing.
Let's add some lean protein next time!
Your item choices are low calorie but try to add some lean protein as well.
Let'saim to lower the salt a bit next time, okay?
The cucumber is an excellent choice, maybe add some more vegetable toppings in the future, such as carrots to get even more nutritional punch.
Let's look at dressing options that have a lower fat content!
Make sure you try to get a little more fiber for your next meal
Great work but it needs a bit more energy and protein.
This is good but try to increase the energy.
Great choice - add more vegetables
Lets reduce the amount of nuts next time.
Lets try and use an oil that has less calories.
Great job but try to keep the sugar lower okay?
Don't be afraid to try spinach or kale next time.
The one thing that worries me is the lack of protein. Take this meal to the next level with some almonds or chicken.
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
Your choices are healthy!
Let's decrease the sesame seed dressing next time.
Don't be afraid to add more veggies into the salad, or even more lettuce.
Next time you could add in some protein.
Lets try and add a good lean source of protein to dinner.
Let's keep up the good work
Lets find a lesser calorie oil.
Add some whole grains for more amino acids.
Keep it up and watch the sodium.
Add some whole grains to your next meal.
Next time let's try to lower the fat and sodium.
Next time let's add some protein.
Don't forget to add some lean protein to your healthy meals
Let's try adding some more color to the greens - like red bell pepper, tomatoes, etc.
Let's try to up the protein next time!
Next time let's try to eat a bit more fiber alright?
Let's try adding a complex carbohydrate next time!
Remember to incorporate protein into your healthy diet
This looks like a great source of energy
We can use this salad base and add an extra protein source like salmon next time!
Don't forget to include healthy proteins
Keep up the hard work but don't forget to include healthy lean protein
Maybe a low fat dressing would be a better choice.
It's important to add lean protein to your diet
Keep it up with all of the vegetables.
Don't be afraid to increase the veggies in the salad.
Keep up the great food choices, you are well on your way to eating clean.
Next time let's try to raise the protein and energy.
try and add some protein for a more balanced meal
Lets try and find a protein that is lower in calories.
Lets cut back a bit on the sodium next time.
Let's aim to increase our protein intake next time!
Let's try to keep the use of oils to a minimum next time
Don't be afraid to use other veggies in the stir-fry to give it some color.
Let's remember to add some healthy lean protein to our diet
Next time let's try to eat food that has less salt okay?
could use more protein!
Make your own dressing for a more healthful choice.
Next time we need to increase the energy and protein okay?
Introduce a different combo of vegetables every day to cover all the essential nutrients (like adding carrots or peppers!)
Lets try and find a seasoning with less sodium.
Toss in a few colorful veggies (like peppers or carrots) for a variety in vitamins and keep on enjoying the salads!!
Keep it up!
Lets try and add more protein.
Run on this path!
Keep up the good food choices!
Let's add some protein next time!
Next time keep it up and keep the energy higher.
Let's try a homemade vinaigrette next time to cut fat and sodium.
Don't be afraid to add more colors to your salads.
You are so good at eating no cholesterol!
Try and find meals with less fat percentages next time
Make sure to watch the sodium intake
lets try and add more lean protein.
I love the base that you have here, next time try adding a healthy protein,fat, and carb into the mix to ensure your body is getting all three macro nutrients!
Let's try reducing the amount of sodium next time.
If you wanted to you could toss that in a blender with some tomatoes and make a salsa!
Lets try adding more fresh veggies.
Let's add some protein next time!
Let's be sure to limit fat and sodium next time
Lets try and add a lean protein.
Let's add some protein next time!
I love the base that you have here, next time try adding a healthy protein,fat, and carb into the mix to ensure your body is getting all three macro nutrients!
Next time, don't forget to add some lean protein to your healthy meal
Lets try and find a lean source of protein to add to this.
Tons of greens means tons of fiber! Keep up the good work!
Lets find an alternative to the mayonnaise salad dressing.
Don't be afraid to add more veggies into your salad.
How about almonds or cashews to have less fat and more protein or perhaps a vinaigrette to reduce sodium!?
Lets try and find a lesser calorie salad dressing.
Next time let's add some meat, for added protein!
Let's look at dressing options that have a lower fat content!
Keep selecting smart foods!
Don't be afraid to add some other greens into the mix.
Don't be afraid to add some different veggies into the mixture.
Nice work making the cholesterol zero!
Next time maybe add a protein for nutritional value.
Next time, pick a vinaigrette instead of blue cheese dressing to cut the fat content.
Let's decrease the sugar and sodium next time!
Next time try a salad dressing of vinegar and olive oil.  Keep up the great work.
Nice job keeping this low cholesterol!
Keep it up but next time let's lower the carbs just a bit.
Let's look at replacing the dressing with a vinaigrette.
Lets add some color in the veggies next time.
Keep eating meals like these!
Let's be mindful of portion sizes next time
Consider spinach with your lettuce for a salad
Lets try a different a vinaigrette dressing next time !
For your next salad add more vegetables.  Keep up the great work!
I love the salad base that you have going here, next time you could try adding some healthy proteins and carbs to balance out the fat content and get an equal balance of all three macronutrients!
It's important to remember how important lean protein is to your healthy diet
Fabulous work for this!
Great job on eatting high energy and low in sodium food at lunch!
Lets reduce the amount of soybean oil next time.
Keep it up!
Keep it up
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
You are on your way to success!!!
I would try to choose more vegetables with higher fiber and protein to have a full feeling longer.
Great meal you prepared. Keep this up. You are doing great.
You could diversify the salad by adding more vegetables and even a light dressing for flavor.
Lets try for fresh veggies not frozen.
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
Next time you could add in some protein.
Keep doing what you're doing!
Nice job but keep eating like this with no cholesterol
Add some protein to make this meal even better and more balanced.
Keep it up but try to reduce the fat okay?
Lets try and add some lean protein to the meal.
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches for balance.
consider adding a protein and fat to this meal
Nice work with this but the protein should be a bit higher
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
Next time you could add in a small amount of protein.
Lets add a lean protein to the meal.
You are doing great do this again next meal!
Keep it up!
Good choices, good job, keep going!
Keep it up, you're on the right track.
I'd like to see a bit higher of a caloric intake for a main meal.  Maybe add a lean protein like fish, nuts or eggs, which will spice up your mid-day meal even more!
Lets try and use a lower calorie nut in the meal.
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
Garlic is great for high blood pressure, and is an antioxidant. Good job today!
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches.
Lets try and add a lean protein to the meal.
You are great!
Keep it up my friend!
My biggest struggle is getting bored with my meals.  If you get to a point where this is a problem, you may want to look into adding craisins or mandarin slices to really give this meal and added kick.
For added fiber, look into adding a high fiber vegetable or switching to spinach instead of lettuce.
Next time you can try more nutrient dense vegetables in your salad.
Next time, you may want to use a light dressing.
Next time you could add in some protein to balance this meal.
Tomorrow we should try a sald with less sodium
This salad is good but we should add protein and energy next time.
Nice work, you are fantastic!
you are on your way to success
Consider increasing protein with your next meal.
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches.
You are on your way to success!
It looks like you're actually eating too little! If you don't make a caloric minimum, you'll start losing essential muscle! Add some healthy fats to up the calorie count in a healthy way.
Lets try and find a lower calorie dressing
Next salad let's focus on using lower fat dressings.
Focus on incorporating a protein source such as chicken or fish for the next salad.
Wow, great job on the fiber!
Don't be afraid to use another dressing next time.
Let's try to increase the protein intake next time!
Lets try and find a lower calorie dressing
Lets try and find a lower calorie dressing
Try putting a bit more protein and a little more healthy fats, next time. Some vitamins can only be absorbed with fat and protein will make you feel more full and build muscle.
Great job. You are on a super path.
Be wary of your overall carbohydrate intake. You did fantastic this time around, but it can easily sneak up on you!
Next time let's try to make a choice of dressing with less sugar.
Why not try adding a little more color to your salad next time.
Awesome choices!!!
Nice work, keep it up but try to lower the carbs.
You may want to add a lean protein to your next salad.
Lets find an alternative to Italian dressing next time.
Let's look at replacing the dressing with a vinaigrette.
Stay on this course. You're doing well with healthy choices.
You can use seasoning with Spinach and radishes, though not too much
A great addition to this meal would be some lean protein to keep you full for longer.
Keep that sugar low, you're doing great!
You are doing great!
Lets decrease the fat intake even more next time
You're making great decisions, keep going!
Try to cut out a bit of the fat intake!
Let's decrease the sodium intake next time!
Keep eating like this, and you may go into ketosis. It all depends on the way of eating you feel is best for you.
Let's add more protein next time.
Add in the protein of your choice for added nutrition.
Keep it up!
Try adding more kinds of lettuce like kale or bok choy.
Keep it up, you're on the right track
Lets see if we can't find some way to add a lean protein to the meal.
You are going down a great path. Keep up the great work.
Consider a lettuce that is denser with nutrients.
Lets add some more colors to complement the carrots next time.
Maybe try a more nutrient dense vegetable next time.
Let's try to remember to keep sodium intake to a minimum
You are on your way to success!
Keep it up with the veggies!
Awesome choces
Adding more protein to each meal can be very beneficial.
nothing tastes as good as being fit feels
you are on your way to success
Let's use a tad less sodium next time
Adding some protein to all those veggies will help you stay full longer, let's try it next time!
Please keep up your good work.
Lets find an alternative to buttermilk dressing.
Don't hesitate to use more greens in the mix.
Let's cut down on the fat intake a bit next time
Lets add some more colors into the mix next time.
Awesome choices
You are doing a great job! I hope you continue to make smart choices like this!
You  are a great motivation to others!!!!
Kee it up!
Don't be afraid to add more greens next time.
Don't be afraid to use different varieties of lettuce.
You should try raw spinach with vinegar next time.
Let's decrease our sodium intake next time.
Awesome job
You might try using a low sodium and low sugar dressing next time.
Smart choices!
Awsome job!!!
You might try a low i salt dressing next time.
Keep it up!
You can try to add more veggies next time like carrots or even fruit.
What a great road you are on. Keep making these choices so you have healthy habits.
Lets reduce the amount of sesame seed dressing.
Olive oil instead of salad dressing is a better choice.
Let's decrease the sodium intake next time!
Lets reduce the amount of honey mustard dressing next time.
Keep up the awesome work!
Lets add lean protein to the meal.
You are on your way to success!!!
Keep up the good work!!!
Be careful of adding too much ranch dressing, as the sugars can add up quickly!
Olive oil instead of salad dressing is a better choice.
Smart choices
Next time lets add some more veggies into the mix.
Lets reduce the amount of cashews next time.
You can do this. Stay on a good path to gain great health benefits.
Lets reduce the amount of ranch dressing next time.
Way to go!
Lets find a lower calorie oil to use.
Try using a non mayo based dressing to keep those calories and fat to a minimum
awesome choces
Keep it up!!!
Great choices~!
Great choices
Lets try for fresh onions instead of flakes.
Lets find an alternative to macadamia nuts and mayonnaise.
Olive oil instead of salad dressing is a better choice.
Keep it up! You're doing great!
A low fat, low sodium dressing might be better for next time.
Awesome job
you are an inspiration to others!!!
Awesome job
Awesome job
Let's look at replacing the iceburg lettuce with some spinach!
You're doing really well. Keep this up.
Lets decrease the sodium intake next time
Great path you are on. Continue to make great choices to become a healthy habit.
Let's try to increase the fiber
Nuts are a great source of protein, but also carry with it a lot of fat and sodium, so just be mindful of your portion size
Keep up the good work!
Awesome job
Protein might be a good addition to this. Beans, eggplant, mushrooms, meat, cheese, nuts, whatever you like best.
You should reduce to two tablespoons of blue cheese dressing next time.
Please keep up with your healthy salads.
Lets find an alternative to ranch dressing.
Next, lets work on decreasing salt content!
You  could try a alternate dressing with less sugar and salt.
Smart choices!
Lets see if we can't find a whole grain or lean protein to add to the meal as well.
Keep up the good work!
Way to keep it vegetable rich and low carb!
You could try adding in some protein next time!
Let's try to add in some more protein next time!
Lets add more colorful veggies to complement the mushrooms and lettuce.
Let's try to decrease the sugars next time in the salad dressing!
Next time lets add some more greens to complement the arugula.
Lets reduce the amount of french dressing next time.
Please keep up with your healthy salads.
Consider olive oil for you dressing in the future.
Good work on the fat free dressing, but try to choose one with less calories for the next salad.
You could try a lower fat dressing and less of it to suit your taste.
Next time let's pay attention to portion sizes!
You might try a low sodium dressing next time.
Lets add some more lettuce to the mix.
Let's try a low sodium dressing for the next time around.
Let's look at replacing the dressing with a vinaigrette.
Nice going!
This would be great with carrots
You might try a low calorie dressing next time.
Lets reduce the amount of ranch dressing next time.
You're doing so well. Keep up the great choices.
Awesome Job!
Keep it up!!!
Consider adding more calories to your dishes, you need them to fuel your day.
Awesome job
Awesome work
Super smart choices!
Keep it up!
Let's look at replacing the peanuts with another nut option!
Great work eating your vegetables.
Let's focus next time on getting soup with a lower sodium content.
Great job on keeping a balance in nutrients level. Balance is key to being healthy.
Maybe next time try to oven fry the chicken
Let's lower our salt intake during the next meal
Next time, try to avoid the extra sodium in Chinese food. You could always swap the wonton soup for egg drop soup in low-sodium chicken stock. Satisfying, but with fewer carbs!
Let's try and add in more veggies!
You are trying to get on a better path and you will get there. Keep up the great work.
These were some really good decisions you made. If you like spaghetti, have you tried whole wheat pasta.
Next time let us continue to focus on healthy meals like this one!
You should avoid red meats.
Great job choosing low-sugar and high-protein foods!
I would like to encourage you to continue to choose healthy meals and applaud your efforts! It's not easy!
Next time you could try to have less sodium.
Let's add some vegetables next meal!
Sometimes processed foods can pack a sodium punch so try your best to watch that on the nutritional information.
Make sure to get your veggies in!
Next time, you should try to avoid canned soups: they're hidden sodium traps, and companies add extra sugar and salt to improve taste. Or double up on your beef!
You might want to try and add some more fiber to your meals
Next time try to incorporate something green in, and substitute brown rice and whole grains for white rice. Overall good job!
Next time for an equally tasty substitute try a baked potato instead of squash. It will give you some added fiber in your diet.
Next time let's pick some spices that have no salt.
Butter and butter substitutes are a great way to add flavor and creaminess to a meal; next time stick with real, unsalted butter for less sodium.
Have you ever tried brown rice? It's a great choice!
Continue on the path you are on and you reach any goals you set for yourself.
Next let's look at the portion size of the carbohydrates.
Let's try to get some more veggies in our next meal.
We can swap onion for bell peppers to decrease the sodium intake a little bit.
Try to remember to read food labels to ensure the best nutritional value.
Next time let's try to pick items that have less sodium and carbs.
Try having a baked potato instead of instant mashed potatoes to boost the nutrition in your meal.
That ham is a little high in sodium. Try to opt for foods that are fresh, rather than processed. Otherwise, keep up the good work!
You can do this. You are doing a great job.
You're making great strides. Keep working on gaining the most nutritional value for yourself.
Next time you could try to have less sodium.
You made some great choices with this meal. Keep eating your vegetables!
Way to go with protein!
You should try to stay away from processed foods.
Nicely done meal, maybe a green salad next time to help digestion.
You did a really good job choosing a well balanced meal.
Next time add a green salad or some spinach to geat your veggies in
Next time instead of seaweed, try substituting some grilled chicken with the mushrooms and sesame oil.
This is a really yummy meal, but it is very large, how about cutting the meat portion down to about the size of a deck of cards, and sprinkling the cheese.  You can add something yummy like a yam, rice or salad to make the meal more filling.
I love the focus on protein, grain, and leafy green.
Try to get in some extra fiber. Possibly with a good fruit like an apple
Proteins are very good for healthy fit body.
Please avoid fats.
You should try to start away from fats.
Let's work on getting more protein into your diet!
Next time keep the cholesterol lower
You could make the meal healthier by using sweet potatoes instead of regular potatoes.
Overall, this looks like a really good, healthy meal.
Next time let's try to increase the dietary fiber! Let's try next time to decrease the amount of sodium in the meal!
Next time consider preparing with olive oil and garlic instead of butter
You should keep an eye on the sodium.
next time let's add a green salad and some veggies to round out the balance
Next lets work on eating less red meat as it is higher in fat than chicken and fish.
Maybe more water consumption could be beneficial.
Next time let's focus on making the fiber higher.
Fantastic job, keep up the great work!
I think you did a great job including a lean protein, a good sized portion of carbohydrates, and getting your vegetables included.
Keep an eye out to make sure you get enough protein and calories since they help keep you energized.
Try adding a protein and veggies to get nutrients and stay balanced. You'll get there!
Keep trying. You are getting there. Healthy choices equal a healthy life.
Try to decrease your fat intake.
Unprocessed meat and two vegetable sides will keep you healthy.
Try substituting a lean, non-processed meat for the Mortadella next time.
Maybe add some vegetables to the mix next meal!
Next time have a salad or green vegetable in place of the cheese.
Let's choose sides, like fresh vegetables or fruit, with less sodium and fat next time.
You're on the best path.
The soup is adding a lot of sodium and very little fiber. Consider substituting something with more added veggies next time.
Next time for an equally tasty meal try substituting some grilled salmon instead of ham.
Broccoli is an excellent choice
Let's try to watch that margarine, ok?
Many canned soups offer reduced sodium varieties. Consider those, or make note of sodium content on others
The sodium in those chow mein noodles is out of control! Next time pick a carb that is not so heavily processed.
You're trying hard. Remember to add some veggies to gain greater nutrients.
Keep it going!
Let's add some veggies to your plate next meal.
Next time try to increase your fiber!
Try to eat more protein
maybe decrease the sodium
Let's try reducing the fat intake next time!
Ostrich and pork are both very calorie-dense. Consider trying two fruit & vegetable options with one portion of meat instead.
Try some fresh veggies next time.
Your choices are leading you down a great road to balanced nutrition. Keep up the great work.
Great job eating low sodium gravy.. keeping sodium in check is always good.
Your portions are great, I would really like to introduce you to soup recipes, you can get so many nutrients from home cooked soup!
Try adding a non-salt season like Mrs. Dash, it adds a lot of flavor!
You could try to lower sodium next time.
Consider lower sodium soups. You have a lot of it in these other items, and low sodium soups are still quite tasty
You are doing great at working at balancing. Keep up the great work.
You could try to lower the sodium taken in with this meal by adding fresh choices.
Next time you could add in some vegetables.
Let us lower our sodium intake for the next meal okay?
Nex time let's pick a dish that is lower in fat.
Make sure you get a full serving of fresh fruit or vegetables.
I think that you did a great job with this meal.
Next time you could add in some protein to balance this meal.
What a good way to a healhy start. Next time use brown rice its more healthier.  What a great way to a healthy start.
You should switch out the frozen fish for fresh fish next time for a richer taste.
next time, try less salt and half of the baked potato.
Now try reducing your sodium just a bit
You're on a great path to nutritional health. Keep up the great work!
Great selection.  Keep up the good work!
You are on a great path to great health. Keep up the great work.
Consider adding a green veggie for even more nutrients.
The only thing I can say is possibly adding a green salad.
Try including some fresh veggies or fruit with your meal.
However try to be careful for the fat content.
Let's bake the pork with a little lemon next time to enhance flavor
Keep up the good work with the proteins.
Next time as a substitute for your noodles, how about a grilled chicken breast. This will provide some extra protein and it will be a nice addition to the goat cheese.
Keep on the path you are on and you will be gaining a healthier lifestyle by habit.
Great job using whole wheat pasta!
You can do this. Continue to watch your options and you will achieve any goals set for yourself.
You can do this. Do this for your overall health.
Next time, reduce the amount of sodium.
There might be sausages options which have less sodium.
Next time, try looking for a canned soup with less salt added, and adding a fresh green salad or a piece of fresh fruit for dietary fiber.
This meal is well balanced.
You are on a path to making great choices. You can do this.
Consider replacing the soup with steamed broccoli topped with a little melted cheese for the taste you want but more nutrients and less sodium.
Good job eating your proteins.
Now try to reduce the fat intake just a slight bit
Way to add in 2 veggies, nice job!
Try a baked potato.   Let's add some proteins and a little less salt.
Great job increasing vegetable intake for dinner.
Try to cut out more fats.
To help make the meal a little healthier I would suggest adding some more veggies to the soup.
Let's think about veggies not canned in brine, ok?
Why not increase the meat and decrease the noodles to optimize the protein intake
Keep eating veggies like those.
you could even make your own tomato soup next time.
Try to eat less potatoes and starch.
You could limit some of the sodium in your next meal.
Just remember to keep your carbs and your sugar intake to a minimum
Some brown rice or whole grain tortillas could add some healthy carbs to this meal.
You could try a lower cholesterol protein next time!
Next time, try baking fresh sweet potatoes rather than canned in syrup.
Canned soup can be loaded with salt so try a low salt option.
Overall good meal, great work!
Next time, try adding some colorful veggies. Green and red vegetables are rich in nutrients without being loaded with starch. Beets, turnip or sweet potato are more nutrient-rich than a typical russet.
Broccoli is one of the most nutrient-dense vegetables out there! Next time try steaming them, boiling them can leech out some essential vitamins in the water.
Let's perhaps try to reduce our salt intake for the next meal
NOW CONTINUE TO KEEP A CLOSE EYE ON YOUR DAILY CARB INTAKE
Great job!  Keep up the good work
Consider an all-turkey sausage next time for less fat in your meal.
You could try to have less sodium in your meal next time.
This is better but without that many carbs!
Just be aware of the sodium content in cheese and canned soups. These numbers are still okay as long as you are low in sodium for the rest of the day.
Try to add some vegetable to balance this one a bit more.  Superb job!
Watch for the sodium content, sometimes using the soup with lower sodium can help with that.  Helps with water retention, etc!
Incorporate note fiber
Please avoid carbs.
You are on a good path to make good choices. Keep it up!
You are headed down a great path. Keep up the great meal choices.
Keep up the great work with this low sodium meal.
We can consider a lower sodium meat in the future.
Next time, try to reduce the amount of sugar.
Please avoid processed meats.
Keep up eating those greens.
Your meal has great variety.
Look for frozen limas and canned soups without the added salt.  Lima beans are delicious with cilantro, mint, parsley, or sage instead of the salt, and a home-cooked minestrone soup with garlic and italian herbs, done in a crock-pot, is easy to prepare and will also be lower in sodium.
Cut back on processed meats.
Try to maintain a healthy balance and you will gain more nutrition.
Next time you could try to limit the sodium intake
Next time instead of lettuce, try substituting some roasted cauliflower for an extra tasty treat with some extra fiber.
Now if you could reduce the fat intake just a bit
good job with the veggies.
Great job on eating food with low sugar and high protein!
Keep up the good work!
Are you sure this is enough protein for you?  if not, try to add something with protein in it,  to keep you from getting hungry for snacking.
Canned soup is often high in sodium but you can find low sodium brands in the store and add some dried herbs or spices to kick up the flavor.
Let's add a beverage next time!
Let's try to add some vegetables and fruits to your meal.
Your choices are leading you down a great path. Keep it up.
You are doing well. Keep up the great work.
Perhaps reduce the sodium next time.
Add fruit juice for antioxidant
Maybe we could have fresh potato in the future.
Try a salt substitute to reduce sodium intake.
Add more fruits or a salad
Next time, let's try the mustard greens without the salt.
I am thinking you need to add some plant based proteins in here, because this lea is a little low on that, and you could get hungry pretty fast after this meal.
Continue down this road for a healthy lifestyle. Great job.
Add fruit juice for antioxidant
Are you getting enough calories in your diet ?
Keep trying to add healthier foods to ensure a healthy balance.
Great job. Let's work on increasing your fiber!
Next time you could avoid canned foods. They have a lot of sodium.
Tomorrow keep in mind that a serving size of meat is about the size of a pack of cards.
This is a super balanced meal. Not much room for improvement, just stay on this path you're on!
You will get the hang of this. Dont give up.
Keeping track of calories and portion size will help make the rest of your day just as healthy.
It is perfect, just try to limit the salt for the next time.
Try adding greens next time to balance it out.
Let's work on decreasing the amount of red meat next time.
Have you thought about fresh soup, which has less sodium?
To make sure you keep operating at peak efficiency, monitor your meal salt intake.
Let's add more vegetables to this recipe
Next time, try brown rice for a more filling meal.
Try adding a banana to your lunch!
Next time you could try to avoid sodium.
It may be a better idea to have fresh potatoes.
Let's aim to eat less canned foods.
Whole grain pasta and chicken breast would really round out this meal nutritionally.
Let's try having less sodium in the future, okay?
Keep this up. You are on a great path.
Let's work on adding in some more green, leafy vegetables.
Be careful of your sodium intake.
You can do this. You are doing very well. Keep it up!
You are going down a good path. You're getting the hang of this. Keep going.
Next time, let's try a different protein source with a little less sodium.
try the pork baked instead of pan fried.
You could lower the sodium a little bit, canned foods have a lot of sodium.
Let's try just a little less oil next time!
Way to go!!!!
Be mindful of the total carbohydrate intake at each meal as they can sneak up on your in starchy grains and vegetables. Great job.
Next time let's try to have a little less sodium!
You are on your way to success!
Next time you could add in maybe a salad.
Next time instead of the soup lets pick some fresh steamed veggies. They are lower in sodium.
Your effort is showing. Great job. Keep up the awesome planning.
Let's reduce the calorie intake next time.
Add fresh veggies to the meals
You could lower the sodium a little bit, canned foods have a lot of sodium.
Let's continue with the low salt and sugar for next time
Nice choices, just pay attention to sodium intake. Be sure to drink plenty of water.
You could add to the flavor and nutrition by making your own pizza sauce.
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches.
Next time, instead of corn/olive oil try substituting a baked potato for some energy rich carbs. You can top your potato with some swiss cheese for a tasty treat.
Let's lower the sodium intake next time!
Consider baking as opposed to pan-broiling meat.
Keep up the great work!
Other than the sodium and fat intake, looks like a great meal, keep it up!
I would add a salad next time to aid in mineral absorption.
Next time time instead of soup why not try some cooked carrots as a nice treat to go with your limas.
Next time you could try to add in some fresh vegetables.
Be careful of the types of oils you use. Next time try just olive oil.
Try adding some fiber to your diet to help you feel fuller longer and curb cravings!
Consider shipping the added salt.
Remember to reduce fat and watch sodium intake.
Let's decrease consumption of canned foods next time because of sodium.
Let's decrease the amount of salt using salt subsitute. You can do it.
You are on your way to success!
You are doing well. Keep up the great work and stay on the right path.
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches.
Let's consume a little less sodium next meal.
Next time we will try to limit the salt and cholesterol on the meal.
Maybe next time, let's look for foods with higher protein and fiber.
Let's try to decrease the sodium next time!
Let's reduce the carbohydrates next time!
Good use of balance of protein and healthy carbs
Keep up the good work!
You could lower the sodium a little bit, canned foods have a lot of sodium.
Keep going strong! You're almost at the goal line!
I would seriously watch the sodium. Spices are a good way to flavor the meat without adding more fat and sodium.
Consider not adding additional sodium.
Let's add some vegetables next time!
Next time you could try to have less sodium.
try some tofurky hot dogs next time
Next time you could try to add in some fresh vegetables.
Keep the momentum going so that you have even greater health benefits. Good job.
You're on your way to making great choices. Continue on with it for it to become habit.
Try to pick leaner cuts of meat.  Also reducing your cheese down or even subbing out a lower fat option of the cheese.
Let's try to eat some more carbs next time for energy!
Some nice yellow squash, zucchini or carrots could incorporate some more textures to this meal.
Try substituting packaged for homemade
Next time you could try to have less sodium.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Next time you should try to decrease the sodium intake.
Keep it up with the low sugar next time!
Fresh corn instead of canned would make a healthier choice for your next meal.
Keep trying! You can do it!
Lets work on eating a balanced  meal of vegetables and grains.
Let's reduce the fat next time!
Perhaps consider brown rice in the future.
Let's reduce the sodium intake next time!
This mean is already very healthy but maybe it could be healthier with real potatoes instead of potato flakes.
Next time you could add in maybe a salad.
You could grill a lean pork and make it even healthier.
Let's work on increasing our fiber intake!!
Very nice meal, try adding a pink lady apple to your meal for an extra boost!
Perhaps next time it would be better to forego the sheanut oil as it is high in calories and fat. Instead, roasting or baking your protein may be a better option.
Next time let's keep up this low sodium meal
Sweet potato fries might be a good alternative to regular fries next time!
Keep it up. stay motivated.
Try reducing the amount of meat to half which reduces the fat in your diet along with minimizing your intake of sodium.
Next time lets use real butter instead of margarine.
Next time, let's decrease the fat content!
perhaps next time substituting a green/yellow vegtable in place of the potatoes cakes would be a great way to assur your getting your reqired daily amount of vegtables.
Next time lets try brown rice for added nutrition.
Keep going with the vegetables
You're doing great. Continue on this path of good choices for optimal health.
Make sure to keep an eye the sodium of canned soup next time.
You can do this. Good choices leads to good health benefits for yourself. You got this.
Let's reduce the sodium next time!
Consider less of the high sodium capers.
Try a steak that is lower in fat.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Keep up the good work of choosing lean beef with healthy veggies
Next time why not try some steamed broccoli instead of soup. It will go nicely with your steak and spaghetti for a healthy treat.
Deli meats are high in preservatives and sodium, so try making your own.
I would only add in a little green next time.
Keep up the great work. You are headed down a good path.
Fresh veggies with the pot roast is a better choice
You are going down a good path. Keep at it and you will gain great nutritional value.
Next time lets switch that corn to asparagus or peas and see how that tastes!
maybe replace the oil with walnuts next time
Next time you could try to add in some fresh vegetables.
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches.
watch that sodium intake!
Keep eating that animal protein! Zero carbs!
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches for balance.
Next time, you could have a sauce with lower sugar to make it even better.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Try adding more vegetables next time.
You're doing well. Maintain this for great health benefits.
Squash is a great choice, keep up the good work for healthy meal
You can do this. You're on a good path.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Consider having wild or brown rice.
Try to use low fat cheese and lower protein amount  you are doing great.
It may be better to have only one protein source per meal.
To balance this meal you could add in a small amount of starches.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
This meal is exactly what you need for a healthy diet. Eating healthy ensures that you will have plenty energy and brain power.
Add some vegetables
Next time you could try to add in some fresh vegetables.
Next time we will try to limit the salt and cholesterol of the food
Let's pay attention to sodium levels next time!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Keep on a good path. You're doing great.
The next time we will focus on keeping this sodium low again
This looks very healthy! Great start!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Consider lower sodium soup.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Perhaps consider real butter in the future.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Consider using a lower-sodium version of the soup, and a leaner protein.
Aim for lower total sodium for the next meal.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Consider making a home made gravy.
Let's try to incorporate some whole grains.
Next time, let's try to eat all the sides and half the meat and see how you feel.
Very good! Keep it up!
Next time why not try some steamed broccoli instead of celery seed for some extra carbs and for a delicious addition to your steak and feta.
Perhaps we can try lowering your sodium intake next time.
Consider just Broccoli in the future.
Maybe next time you could substitute the cheese for a fresh vegetable?
You are worth to be healthy!
Let's try a smaller portion of meat next time!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
make sure you eat enough proteins to not be hungry.
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Consider baking the beef in the future.
Lots of protein! good choices!
You are on your way to success!
This looks very healthy! Great start!
Keep it up but try to eat more fiber next time
Next time let's work on keeping your sodium intake a little lower
Let's try adding a fruit or vegetable!
Butter should be considered in the future.
You are on your way to success!
Great job!
Consider having less sodium soy sauce.
Butter might be a better choice.
Proud of you and keep up the great work
This looks very healthy! Great start!
You are on your way to success!
Consider a cheese with less sodium.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
The only advice I might give here is add a nice green salad to your meal to make it more balance and a boost of fiber; otherwise looking good.
There may be a lower sodium pickle option.
Lets aim to have only one meat source and replace the other with a vegetable source for the next meal.
Let's try decreasing your carbohydrate intake next meal.
Let's add some protein and keep carbohydrates to half a cup and for a more filling well balanced meal.
Let's keep it up and try to do an even healthier carb next time for an extra extra healthy meal!
Let's try adding green vegetables!
I want to see how you respond to an increase of dietary fiber.
Lentils, quinoa or beans are a great alternative to rice!
Let's try to use fresh or frozen vegetables when possible.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Let's try cutting down on sodium next time.
You could lower the sodium a little bit, canned foods have a lot of sodium.
maybe add some more vegetables next time!
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
You're doing a good job!
Let's decrease the carbohydrate intake next time!
The brisket will jump off your plate
Simply stunning choices for dinner!
Wise choice for dinner
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
It loos like a delicious meal!
Cook on the grill for mouth-watering aromas too!
Let's try to use brown rice in this recipe to make it even more nutritious excellent job.
Great choices! Keep it up!
Going foward, try reducing your intake of carbohydrates.
Let's up your fiber a bit!!
You're doing great.
You might try adding a bit more protein next time.
Let's try to reduce the sodium a little by finding a low-sodium version. Also, turkey or chicken sausage offer less fat, if you can tolerate them. Go  for it!
Let's cut down on the amount of beef next time, ok?
Next time let's try to lower cholesterol
I would suggest you use a low sodium Worcestershire sauce and lower the calories from poppyseed by using sparingly.
Let's decrease our fat intake next time!
Delicous and yet nutritous!
The sodium in the weiners should have been avoided but overall you didn't do bad.
Keep eating fish!
Remember to watch your fat intake levels when creating a meal.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Try swapping the white rice for brown adding fiber, flavor and nutrients back to your dish and using more heart healthy oils like olive or canola oil. This would be great in a stir fry dish.
Make sure when you prepare future meals to pay attention to sodium
Pork, it is what's for dinner!
Seaweed is a delicous and natural choice!
Try wild, whole grain rice next time in place of the white rice
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Your selection includes plenty of protein choices, low fat and sodium content, and high fiber content. Keep up the great work and remember to vary your menu so you get a great balance of all the micronutrients.
Try incorporating some protein into your next meal.
You may want to buy or make an Italian sauce with less sodium.
Excellent job eating a balanced meal. You may want to consider limiting carbohydrates
Next time let's focus on lowering the cholesterol.
Next time lets decrease the amount of rice to 3/4 cup.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Let's try to opt for brown rice instead of white and limit to 1/2  a cup you can do it.
Mozzarella would be a more healthful choice than American cheese for your next meal.
Lets try fresh corn and peppers next time!
Keep it up!
looks perfect and wouldnt see any harm adding a lean meat to this meal
Next time lets try some leaner, whole food, proteins.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Next time you could add in some protein for balance.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Great job on eating high protein, low-fat, and with great amount of sodium foods for your meal !
Let's try adding green vegetables!
Let's decrease the carbohydrate intake next time!
Try chicken franks next time for decreased sodium intake
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Some some more fresh greens for your next meal.
Careful with the sodium levels with the processed cheese, maybe a more natural cheese choice next time?
Lets try and use fresh corn instead of canned.
Let's make sure we look at how much sodium we have at each meal
Wise choices for dinner tonight
Let's decrease the sugar intake next time!
Not for the faint of stomach!
Let's aim to continue a low-sugar intake!
Let's decrease sodium next time!
Adding a little bit of fat would help you stay fuller longer.
Let's try a different grain nextt ime to add more fiber and decrease your carbohydrate, maybe brown rice would be great. Otherwise, great choices!
Let's focus on creating your next meal from scratch as packaged products are high in sodium.
Let's decrease the sodium next time!
Next time let's subsitute brown rice for white and limit carbohydrates to one meal subsituting the rice or peas for a green leafy vegetable.
Keep up the great choices
You may want to make sure your meat serving is just six ounces.
What are you waiting for?
Continue to incorporate lots of vegetables into your diet and create a balance between proteins, vegetables, starch, and sugar.
Next time I would avoid canned soups they do have quite a bit of salt.
You had a great source of protein in this meal!
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Let's incorporate more fresh foods into your meals!
Lets try adding a protien and a healithier cheese option
Next time, substitute the white rice for brown rice instead!
Keep up the great work and do not give in to bad cravings.
I like the choices of lean meat and no salt spice.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Next time you could try to add in some fresh vegetables.
You're on your way to great health. Keep making healthy choices.
Try to work on getting a little more protein in, next time, and keeping down the fat, sodium, and carb intake.
The choices with this meal is interesting and looks delicous
Great job on using Spaghetti spinach.
Let's time let's try to lower the sodium content.
Skip the sweet and sour too many carbs
Looks great, if you would like more protein possibly add some nuts.
Try to incorporate a protein source such as fish into your next meal.
Next time try to focus on decreasing the amount of sodium in the meal.
Next time instead of the butter/margarine, why not substitute a chicken breast for a tasty addition and some added protein.
Lets improve on getting carbohydrates into our body.
Good choices, but next time you can have the whole pepper. Bell peppers are a great source of nutrients with little fat or calories.
Let's try to focus on keeping the fiber high next time.
Next time you might want to try Ricotta cheese to reduce the sodium even more.
I would like you to try adding a protein next time, something like a chicken breast or piece of salmon. Also, try reducing the swiss cheese to one cup for next time.
Let's add in a side of fruit next time
Be aware that sauces are often a source of hidden sodium and noodles made with white flour are high in carbs and sugars. Next try whole wheat noodles cooked beef stock with some veggies for a healthy balance.
Please try to double check the Sodium intake next time.
Great job. Keep on this path for the best benefits to you.
Let's try switching out the corn for greens next time; what kinds do you like?
To make this meal even better try to eat fresh chicken to lower fat content and lets use lower sodium altternatives overall good job.
Let's replace the canned sauce with some fresh tomatoes and the vegetable spread with olive oil and really kick the nutritional value up a notch!
Next time, let's try to limit the use of butter
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Keep an eye on that sodium intake!
Perfect choice, I wouldn't change a thing!
This meal is exactly what you need for a healthy diet. Eating healthy ensures that you will have plenty energy and brain power.
Next time, try adding in some lentils, beans, or other healthy protein for a more balanced meal.
Processed meats can be chocked full of calories, sodium and fat and white rice and sweet corn can be carb bombs adding little more than filler to your diet. I would suggest using brown rice and a less starchy veggie like green beans this would add fiber and sustenance to your meal. I might re-imagine my meat choice choose a turkey sausage that is low sodium and low fat.
Try eating less sodium and fat.
You are on a good path. Remain here so this becomes habit.
You made a great choice eating rotisserie instead of fried chicken.
Try using an olive oil and reducing your serving size of your beef next time. You could also add a side salad, that would be delicious.
Great meal choice!
Could use a little more sugar!
If you add a little bit of spinach next time it will maximize minerals and add calcium.
Keep on a great path to maintain these choices. They will become healthy habits.
This meal is exactly what you need for a healthy diet. Eating healthy ensures that you will have plenty energy and brain power.
Next time let's try to keep eating meals high in protein okay?
Let's try to increase our fiber intake!
Keep working on balanced meals. You're doing a great job.
This was a very well balanced meal. Great choices.
Let's limit our sugar intake next time!
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
You could reduce your carbohydrates and sodium a bit next time. Try using green vegetables and smaller portions.
Great choices with the chicken and cauliflower! Let's try to decrease your carbohydrates next time by including some more vegetables and a little less rice.
Next time you could add fresh vegetables.
Next time, try adding more vegetables in place of a sauce, to increase your nutrient consumption, and decrease sodium.
Try to avoid hydrogenated oils!
Lets try more fruit next time!
Think about switching pasta to a super grain like quinoa next time
Great choice, I wouldn't change a thing!
Keep up the good work!
Next time you can add in protein for balance.
Next time try using fresh tomatoes!
Next time, how about adding in some more fresh produce, like a side salad or some berries?
Next time let's try to keep the salt low like this.
Please consider a whole wheat pasta option.
Let's remember to eat lean protein as much as possible
Let's try to work on that fiber intake!
Let's keep it up and keep going and try spiralized zuccini spaghetti next time for an even bigger nutritional powerhouse meal!
Now that you did so well with that meal I'm going to encourage you in your next meal to try and find something with less carbs. I know it's a challenge but you did so well with this meal that I feel positive about you being able to meet this next challenge!
Try to do without the butter as it is very high in fat.
Let's find something with a bit less cholesterol next time.
For an even healthier meal, you could substitute fresh vegetables or leafy greens for the soup and use brown rice rather than white.
Keep experimenting with different sides! yum!
Keep it up!
Next time let's try to lower the cholesterol and keeo up the fiber.
In the future I might suggest roasting your beef which will save on the oil.
Looks great! Keep it up!
Those are excellent choices!
Let's try decreasing high calorie oils!
Let's cut back on the cholesterol and sodium a bit next time
Let's even decrease the cholesterol and sodium intake next meal
Good choice taking brown rice over white rice.
Keep up the good work with the fiber intake in your meals.
Keep up the good work!
Next time we will continue to keep the salt low
Lets watch the sodium intake
Lets try less beef next time
Maybe one chicken leg and more veggies would make this a less fattening meal but it is still good.
Try a meat with less sodium. Skip gravy as it is high in sodium too
This meal is low fat and has high protein, good job!
Good work. You could add a side salad or some steamed green beans to add more nutrients and fiber to make you feel fuller longer.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Let's try to work on the fiber intake for the next time.
Let's aim for lower sodium with a pork loin or other uncured meat.
Lets try to lower the salt for the next time.
Try to portion control and have one cup of rice in the future to decrease carbohydrate intake.
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
I like your creativity but white pasta and high fat cheeses can lead to a serious weight gain over time. Next time try for whole wheat pasta and a low fat red sauce or even an Alfredo sauce if you are craving cheese.
You could try a different grain next time, like quinoa or brown rice. Also, try decreasing your meat serving to around 6 ounces
Next time let's try to limit the cholesterol.
Let's decrease the amount of sodium next time
In the future, opt for fresh or canned tomatoes, which are just as delicious and have less sugar.
What concerns me is this meal is a little low in calories and sustainable also processed meats can have lots of sodium. Might I suggest baking the patties and have a green salad along side them to help balance your meal and fiber and vitamins.
This is well balanced!
Let's find something that isn't so sodium heavy next time
We should work on upping the carbs just a bit so you have some more energy through the day.
You could change your vegetable to roasted cauliflower and broccoli to add more fiber and reduce your carbohydrates.
Next time you could add fresh vegetables for balance.
Aim to get more carbs into your diet.
Next time instead of the tomato paste lets saute some fresh tomatoes and onions.
Keep up with this momentum. You are going to gain great health benefits.
Make sure to stay hydrated with every meal.
Great job eating your vegetables!
You can do this. Making healthy choices will become a habit that will benefit your health.
this seems pretty healthy keep it up
I commend your effort to eat veggies as they are healthy and necessary. Rice however is not a complete protein on its own and this meal maybe too low in calories. What i would suggest is pairing some beans up with the rice to make a complete protein and using brown rice instead of white as it has fiber and more filling than white rice.
You're doing good. Continue to stay on a path of making healthy choices for great health.
Next time let's try to keep the carbs down, alright?
This is a great start! This is very healthy!
Next time, I would add brown rice instead of white, which is a whole grain!
Let's decrease the sodium next time!
Try fresh carrots for a reduced sodium option next time
Lets see what you can do differently for your next meal!
This meal is exactly what you need for a healthy diet. Eating healthy ensures that you will have plenty energy and brain power.
That's a delicious and excellent choice!
Your determination shows in your meal choices. Keep up the great work.
I would cut down the amount of pork and add whole grains for your next meal.
try whole grain pasta
Be careful about eating too much red meat.
Add fresh instead of frozen vegetables and add some greens to next meal for an extra boost!
Good job with getting your proteins in!
Try to find less processed foods next time.
Keep an eye on the fat content of the things you use in your meals
Brown rice and a leaner meat would be a better option
If everyone ate this good the world would be healthy!
Let's work on reducing your sodium intake next time.
Let's look at mixing up your grains!
Lets try to minimize the carbs next time and substitute in veggies instead!
Great start, but I'd like to see you choose reduced cholesterol meats.
Next time let's try using fresh vegetables that way you keep the sugar and sodium down!
lets try home made tomato sauce or other vegetables next time
lets try less sodium in the white sauce next time
Next time, substitute the white rice for brown rice instead!
I like the lean meat and fact the peas are drained without salt.
Let's keep our sodium content low next time
The only comment I have about this mean is it might be a little low in calories if you are not dieting. Might I suggest a piece of fruit or a whole wheat roll to increase the calories slightly.
Next time, Let's keep our fat intake a little lower
Let's add more veggies next time to supplement the onions and spaghetti!
Maybe skip the gravy next time to reduce your calorie and cholesterol intake and add some vegetables instead.
next time consider brown rice
Next time roast or steam your cauliflower and maybe use more herbs and spices instead of salt.
Lets try adding veggies and less bbq sauce next time
Let's watch our portion sizes with future meals
Let's try corn drained without salt next time, ok?
Continue to monitor your sodium intake, however you're doing good.
You might try reducing the meat portion and substituting another low carb vegetable for a few ounces of meat.
Keep up the great work!
Next time we could improve this by switching to brown rice.
Lets try and get meat that's got less sodium.
I think adding in some fresh green vegetables, a multi-grain based carb, and fruit into the mix would make this meal super nutritious!
what can you do to make this even healthier?
This would be very good with riced cauliflower as well !
Let's add some green, leafy vegetables.
Let's go easy on the salt next time.
try to substitute white rice for brown rice, and add in some fresh veggies
Let's try to get more protein next time!
Next time try brown rice too and a lean meat
You're doing great just monitor your calories and carbohydrates.
I like your control, having just one sausage!
Great work on making this a high protein meal!
Lets try some more fruit next time
Make sure and watch your sodium intake!
Don't be afraid to add more tomatoes or other awesome veggies in the mix.
Let's try and reduce our sodium intake next time!
Next time we will have to keep that sugar low again.
You got this my friend!
In the future, let's remember to control portions
Keep it up.
Attempt to increase your healthy sugar intake.
Lets try and find a leaner cut of meat next time.
Attempt eating more dietary fiber.
Keep up the good work with the good meal! This looks like a great meal to add to a diet plan.
For the next time let's eat just like this except lower the fat a bit.
lets try adding some tofu for protien next time
Great job! Keep up your healthy lifestyle!
Lets try and find a lesser calorie butter replacement.
Next time change the white rice to a brown or wild rice.
Let's see if you do this again tomorrow!
Lets try and find a healthier lean meat other then hotdogs.
Okay next time let's try to make a meal just like this one!
Would you try tofu or low sodium dogs in the future?
Be sure to also drink plenty of water each day. It helps aid digestion.
Next time let's keep the sodium at the same level and keep the cholesterol a bit lower.
This meal is high on protein
Net time we should try to lower the caarbohydrates, okay?
Keep up the great job but lets lower the carbs next time, alright?
Be sure to watch sodium intake.  Prepacked meals are often very high in sodium.
Next time swap the white rice for wild full grain rice with out the added salt.
Lets aim for more dietary fiber next time.
Lets try to increase our dietary fiber.
Try a brown rice or cauliflower rice next time, along with a piece or roasted chicken or turkey. Try more spices instead of salt on the veggies!
These are excellents choices, you should definitely continue to eat this way
Keep making healthy choices!
You are doing this right!
Keep it up with the well balanced meals!
Add coconut oil or vegetable broth instead of butter next meal.
You are doing great let's just try to get more fiber in you.
Fresh fruit and veggies might be a good option next time!
Next time let's continue eating high protein meals but try to reduce the salt
Wonderful low fat choices!
Keep it up but try to lower the salt a bit.
Great work let's just try to keep the salt and cholesterol down a bit.
Measure out the cheese next time!
Let's decrease the olive oil next time.
Good idea draining the peas unsalted.
Dial back the meat portion and add some nice green veggies
You may want to consider some frest tomatoes in the future.
Let's decrease the cholesterol next time!
Lets try for whole grain rice instead.
Lets try and use whole grain rice instead.
Next time let's try to have some more green vegetables!
Great meal choice, with the next meal try to add some greens like asparagus or broccoli for good fiber and vitamins.
Could use some more protein!
Next time let's decrease the amount of cheese.
Next time let's try leafy vegetables instead of starchy ones!
Try to incorporate more vegetables and less cheese to decrease fat and cholesterol intake.
Lets try for fresh veggies instead.
Let's work on incorporating more whole grain choices and leafy vegetables.
Keep an eye on the sodium, but otherwise great job!
Let's try and add some more greens next time!
Let's pay closer attention to portion sizes with the next meal
Next time, maybe try and have less carbs and less sodium.
Let's add more broccoli or another veggie next time.
Adding greens in with this meal would be great in boosting the nutrients you are consuming!
Next time, sub in some brown rice instead of white, for more fiber and vitamins.
Lets try and use fresh veggies when possible.
Everything looks good just keep the carbs a bit lower.
Try incorporating foods with more fiber such as greens.
Lets try and find a lower sodium barbecue  sauce.
Next time let's eat similar to this but less cholesterol!
For your next meal, try salmon and brown rice to go along with your mushrooms.
Keep up the great varieties!
For your next meal, maybe swap out the beef for a small piece of grilled chicken or salmon.
Perhaps monitor key nutrients and make necessary changes.
Keep eating like this!
Keep up the good work and try to eat the breast without the skin of the chicken to decrease fat intake.
Lets add a leaner piece of meat next time.
try adding g green vegetables
Next time let's make sure that the fat is just as low as it is next time.
You may want to switch to brown rice next time for a more nutritious meal.
Lets try and use brown rice instead of white rice.
Consider caloric and sodium intake. You may want to decrease sodium.
Next time let's try to keep the protein just as high
Could use a little less fat!
Continue choosing great meal choices regarding your needed nutrients to live a healthier life.
Lets try and use fresh veggies when available.
Next let's try to lower that cholesterol and increase the protein.
Let's add some extra protein. It will help you feel satisfied longer.
Lets try and use fresh veggies instead of frozen ones.
Next we will try to lower the salt.
Lets try and use brown rice instead of the white.
Watch your sodium intake next time.
add some mixed vegetables for color and flavor
Try Quinoa instead of the noodles, yummy all the way!
This is great keep up the good work!
Don't hesitate to use different veggies in the mix.
You can do this. Continue to make good choices.
You might want to decrease the amount of spaghetti and add more vegetables next time.
Next time try switching the white rice for brown rice.
Let's aim to lower the fat content next time.
Use brown rice instead of white next time. Maybe include some chicken and other fresh vegetables with your celery to make a stir fry.
Butter without salt is a good idea!
Next time let's try to see if we can bring the cholesterol down a bit
Next time let's try to have fewer carbohydrates and add in some vegetables!
Lets try and use more whole grain rice instead.
It would be great to try alternate starches and proteins like wild rice or couscous and shrimp or chicken.
Keep up your great work!
Lets try and use fresh veggies instead of frozen.
Turkey is a great choice for meat!
Could use a little more sugar!
Keep up your awesome dinners!
Magnificent attempt with this!
Could reduce the sodium intake!
Keep eating just as magnificently.
You made some great choices with the vegetables but maybe instead of white rice substitute brown.
Next time we will only try to limit the carbs okay?
Maybe next time try to lower the sodium intake!
Lets try and use whole grain pasta.
dont let the protein turn to fat. work it off
Next time, substitute the white rice for brown rice instead!
Let's add in some green and leafy vegetables next time!
Keep it up.
Protein, fiber and grains.. ding, ding ding!
Lets try and use whole grain rice when possible.
Try a different veggie than the mushroom to lower the carbs
What would make this even more wonderful would be a yummy salad!
Keep up the great work!
Let's keep up the awesome work!
Next time let's steam the spinach
Next time, let us go with another, healthier protein.
Consider how portion control can effect the nutrition of a meal.
This could use some water on the side as a drink!
Let's reduce fat intake next time.
Nice job, maybe next time try switching out the white rice for some brown rice.
